bpo-42299: Remove formatter module (#23476)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.10.rst

  :c:func:`PyParser_SimpleParseFileFlags` and :c:func:`PyNode_Compile`
  that were deprecated in 3.9 due to the switch to the new PEG parser.

* Removed the ``formatter`` module, which was deprecated in Python 3.4.
  It was originally scheduled to be removed in Python 3.6,

>   but we decided to delay such removals until after Python 2.7 EOL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  but it was decided to delay such removals until after Python 2.7 EOL.
```
